Once we know how we can work with grid lines now let's take a look at how we can name the grid lines
ourselves because let's imagine the scenario where you're like you know what I don't like the fact that
I need to remember that this would be line number one.
Then of course column line number two three four and all that and even the fact that I could use the
negative values is not really helping.
Well you are in luck because what we can do is in fact we can name the lines ourselves now in order
to show you that you know what I am going.
Delete everything that we did in the previous video.
As always you can access it in resources.
And I'm gonna go back to our main layout meaning we had a three column layout with three rows and what
we can do here is where we had lines remember one two three four.
While we can just place a square brackets and we can name them.
So in this case I'm gonna say that my first line is going to have a name start.
Then we're going to place a and one.
So number four is going to be an end.
And then it's really up to us first of all we can add naming is here in between.
If we would like to war we can skip it.
So first I'm gonna show you how we can skip it and then of course we'll show you after that how we can
add one.
Now I also like to mention that you don't need to worry about the names repeating for your grid lines
so you can have the same names for your column as well as the role.
You're not gonna be actually overwriting them or anything like that and everything is gonna work really
well because they naming is not going to be colliding.
All right.
Now in this case again we do the same thing we call the cell number one and let's start very simply
by saying grid then we had a column and then for the values let's just go for start and line forward
slash and.
And you can probably already guess that our column is gonna be spanning from the start line all the
way to the end one.
And essentially that means that our cell number one is going to be spanning all across.
So our first cell is in fact going to be taking up the whole column.
Okay.
Now if you really want to go rogue I could do the same thing with the row so grid row and I'm going
to set this up a start and end and there you go.
Now my cell is in fact taking all my rows as well as the columns and then grid just creates the implicit
rows.
After that I no I said Of course we're not limited.
We can add more lines here.
Now maybe let's just head over there and let's see within our developer tools you can see that of course
we have right now the grid we had like I said we created two more implicit rows because we added in
fact the cell number one is spanning all across our nine cells that we had previously before.
And then like I said I also like to show you how we can add more values in here.
So let's say we're going to add the grid in land line number two is going to be let's say call on number
two or column number one.
Now one thing we need to keep in mind though is that we are not naming the column.
We are naming the line that's coming in between.
So in this case if you're going to say column number one technically if that helps you you can keep
this kind of naming but you probably would want to add that whether that's the end of the column line
and number one or something like that because otherwise you might think that you are in fact naming
the column which is you're not you're naming here the line that's coming in between the column number
one and column number two.
So in this case why don't we add our column column 1 and 0 like so and line in between the column number
two column number three.
Let's add one more grid line and let's name this column too.
And right now in this case why don't we change this around and let's say the start is going to be the
same but I'm going to add a column too.
And now of course myself is not going to span all across because remember I will be column number two
and that's why we're ending with a second column.
And of course we can do the same thing with the role.
The only difference probably let's change these values for rows.
So again it's really up to you.
You can add the naming.
You don't have to add for each and every line that you have.
You can skip the ones that you are not interested in.
I'm going to go with the role in this case.
And right after the second row I'm going to say go to row two.
And and let's just add a space here.
Let's say that and again let's start with start and then we're gonna go for row two and let's say that
and not our cell number one is spanning two columns as well as the two rows.
So again it is up to your preference you can use the line numbers or you can explicitly name your lines
and then use the same values.
Now you can add each and every value for each and every line or you can just let's say go with one all
the way in the beginning or the one at the end because remember we can still use these values.
So let's say if I had a line number I can still use it and say something like this where that would
be the line number two write or line number three.
Let's say that and my layout does not break as I can still use the line numbers.
Now just to show you if I'm going to go with 4 again my column is gonna take up the whole space.
But let me go back to my naming column to my friend and so as well as we don't need to worry about the
name collisions between the columns when we're naming the column lines and the rail lines because we
can name them exactly the same.
And there's going to be no name collisions.